Update Grant-CsTeamsUpgradePolicy.md (#10674)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Grant-CsTeamsUpgradePolicy.md

This cmdlet enables admins to apply TeamsUpgradePolicy to either individual users or to set the default for the entire organization. 

> **[NOTE]** Gallatin Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration after executing Grant-CsTeamsUpgradePolicy. Please see [Start-CsExMeetingMigrationService](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/start-csexmeetingmigration?view=skype-ps).

Reviewer: Earlier versions of this cmdlet used to support -MigrateMeetingsToTeams option. This option has been deprecated in newer versions of the module. Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration ....

This cmdlet enables admins to apply TeamsUpgradePolicy to either individual users or to set the default for the entire organization. 

> **[NOTE]** Earlier versions of this cmdlet used to support -MigrateMeetingsToTeams option. This option is removed in newer versions of the module. Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration. Please see [Start-CsExMeetingMigrationService](/powershell/module/skype/start-csexmeetingmigration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[NOTE]** Earlier versions of this cmdlet used to support -MigrateMeetingsToTeams option. This option is removed in later versions of the module. Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration. See [Start-CsExMeetingMigrationService](/powershell/module/skype/start-csexmeetingmigration).
```

> **[NOTE]** Earlier versions of this cmdlet used to support -MigrateMeetingsToTeams option. This option is removed in newer versions of the module. Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration. Please see [Start-CsExMeetingMigrationService](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/start-csexmeetingmigration?view=skype-ps).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**[NOTE]** Earlier versions of this cmdlet used to support -MigrateMeetingsToTeams option. This option is removed in newer versions of the module. Tenants must run Start-CsExMeetingMigration. Please see [Start-CsExMeetingMigrationService](/powershell/module/skype/start-csexmeetingmigration).
```
